Demisto-sdk release 1.33.4 (#4757)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
## 1.33.4 (2025-01-06)
### Breaking
* Started deprecation process for old validate. This flow will be deprecated and removed in the near future. Please use the new validate flow. [#4750](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4750)

### Feature

> * Added support for validating CaseLayout content items in the RN114 validation. [#4755](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4755)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for validating CaseLayout content items in the *RN114* validation. [#4755](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4755)
```

> * This PR adds to the ST-110 validation which will now validate the sectionOrder and individual sections, as well as adding a new validation, ST-111, which will validate the existence of the same fields. [#4739](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4739)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the *ST110* validation to validate the "sectionOrder" and individual sections. Added new validation *ST111* which validates the existence of the same fields. [#4739](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4739)
```

> * Updated the ***update-release-notes*** command to add Markdown formatting to the release notes
> of new playbooks that follow the new playbook description template.
>  [#4735](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4735)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the ***update-release-notes*** command to add Markdown formatting to the release notes of new playbooks that follow the new playbook description template.
 [#4735](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4735)
```

> * The command "update-release-notes" will now add Markdown formatting to the release notes
> of new playbooks that follow the new playbook description template.
>  [#4735](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4735)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the ***update-release-notes*** command to add Markdown formatting to the release notes
of new playbooks that follow the new playbook description template.
 [#4735](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4735)
```

### Fix

> * Resolved an issue where the build-Devcontainer failed due to file_path being None in setup-environment command. [#4747](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4747)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the `build-Devcontainer` Github action failed due to `file_path` being None in ***setup-environment*** command. [#4747](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4747)
```
